.\"-*- nroff -*-
.TH TRITIUM 1 "Feb. 16, 2011"
.SH NAME
tritium \- a tabbed/tiling window manager for the X Window System
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B tritium
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B tritium
is a tabbed / tiling window manager geared towards keyboard users.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I \-c configdir
use configdir as the tritium configuration directory.  If this is not specified, the default directory
.I ~/.tritium
will be used.
.SH KEYBOARD CONTROL
.P
.B F1
gives a prompt to search for a man page.
.P
.B F2
will call your default terminal
.P
.B F3
will open command prompt.
.P
.B Ctrl-F3
gives a python shell prompt (like the in idle).
.P
.B Shift+F3
will run a command in a terminal.
.P
.B F4
will open an ssh prompt to ssh to another machine.
.P
.B Shift+F9
creates a new workspace.
.P
.B F12
opens a program menu, much like dmenu in dwm or wmii.
.P
.B Mod4
is the "Super" modifier, which on many machines will be the "Window Key".
.P
.B Mod4+J
to the next workspace, Mod4+K back a workspace.
.P
.B Mod4+Tab
changes focus between columns.
.P
.B Mod4+L
and 
.B Mod4+H
move back and forth between windows or frames in a column.
.P
.B Mod4+F(number)
allows one to navigate between workspaces (ie. 
.B Mod4+F3
navigates to the third workspace).
.P
.B Mod4+W
will close a program.
.P
.B Mod4+S
slits a column horizontally
.P
.B Mod4+Shift+S
splits it vertically.
.P
.B Mod4+(arrow key)
will move the split between frames, thus resizing
them. (ie. Mod4+(right arrow) will squeeze the column to the right
over, and makes the left column larger, etc.).
.P
.B Mod4+G
and
.B  Win+;
will navigate back and forth between columns, and
across workspaces (as opposed to Mod4+Tab, which only changes focus
between columns in the same workspace).
.P
.B Mod4-Shift+J
moves a window to the frame below, Mod4-Shift+K moves a
the frame above.  Mod4+Shift+L moves the windows to the frame to the
right. Mod4-Shift+H moves it to the left.

.SH AUTHOR
tritium was written by Mike O'Connor <stew@vireo.org>
